Fix writing non contiguous data to a compressed HDU. (#9958)
astropy/astropy: CHANGES.rst

- Fix ``fitsdiff`` when its arguments are directories that contain other
  directories. [#9711]

> - Fix writing non contiguous data to a compressed HDU. [#9958]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix writing noncontiguous data to a compressed HDU. [#9958]
```

Author: Done.
